Add warnings for unnecessary polyfills in `start`/`start-ssr` commands (#1405)
seek-oss/sku: .changeset/deep-ends-vanish.md

> ---

Author: I feel like this changeset name would go kinda hard as a band name

'sku': minor
---

> Add warnings for unnecessary polyfills during development. `sku start` and `sku start-ssr` now warn about polyfills that are no longer needed for modern browsers to help reduce bundle sizes.

Reviewer: `sku build` and `build-ssr` are now included too.

> Add warnings for unnecessary polyfills during development. `sku start` and `sku start-ssr`, along with `sku build` and `sku build-ssr` now warn about polyfills that are no longer needed for modern browsers to help reduce bundle sizes.

Reviewer: Just a bit of a reword.

```suggestion
Emit warnings when unnecessary polyfills are detected

To help reduce bundle size, start and build commands now warn about polyfills that are no longer necessary in modern browsers.
```
